Book back in a previous lesson we built it and we showed you how you can append child.
And then eventually add it into the aged him.
So now I'm going to show you a shorter way to do this because this was quite long and we did have to
loop down because we have a bunch of table cells in there so the TT's and we had to loop through each
one and now we're looking at having to add attributes to them and adding classes so we can go through
this type of format where we can set attributes to the T R and we can set both those data row and the
data values there.
And then also we can add a class to that Tedi.
So to that first tee and that way that would actually work.
But I'm going to show you a shorter format and this is going to actually save us a little bit of time
here.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to just comment out all of this.
And one thing that we've learned previously is that once we've got the element then we can't update
things like that.
Each to UML and meaning that if we're updating the interface to UML that basically means that we can
write out all of the inner content that we want to hear.
Let's do TDD and let's let's add in those values first so we're just going to have some default placeholder
values.
So we'll do 10 and I'm going to copy and paste this over and this is just saves us a little bit of time.
So now the rest of this is going to be the same when I go back out here and if I refresh it and if I
hit add that we can see that we can actually add to the new value.
So we know that this one here is going to have a value of
whatever the array length plus 1.
And we know that this one is going to have the value of the value that we've picked up.
So this is going to hold the value of Q So he can add that one in and then lastly this one is zero.
So we can zero that.
So now let's try this out and go back to the page refresh it and let's type in test and we can see that
we can add it in the same way.
So we didn't actually have to spend all these children we could just do the to a male and we only have
to pen that one element.
So it makes things a lot simpler.
But it was worthwhile going through that exercise just to get familiar with what you can do within that
done.
So the next thing that we want to do is we want to add in all of these attributes.
Now unfortunately we still need to go through that same process where we're adding attributes where
we're setting those attributes because we don't have the ability actually to do it within each team
Mel.
So let's create some attributes and this is another great practice exercise in creating attributes within
that cell.
So we know we can do.
So let's let's just simply create out those attributes.
So we had one that was the vote.
So I'm going to just give it a value vote and the other one that we're creating is when we go down and
just see what we had we had one that was called Data roll.
So let's do a variable roll and variable vote.
So we know we need to add and create an attribute.
So let's go ahead and do a document and create sort of creating an attribute and then we can attach
this attribute to that cell.
So that was a data vote was the attribute that we wanted to create and that would work if we just simply
want it to create the attribute.
But we actually want to set a value slits to set attribute.
And this one requires the two parameters.
So the first one is the attribute name.
And the second one is the value that we want it to create.
So we know that this value is actually going to be the value that's contained within here.
So let's set that up.
And this is just simply the index value of that particular element.
And the next thing that we need to do is suspect.
So that was roll and actually sorry I just got those backwards.
So this one is data roll and for data roll.
This is the value that we have and for data vault the value that we have is simply zero.
So that's where we're starting out at zero.
So now the next thing that we need to do is we need to attach those attributes so instead of actually
setting up those values we can do it this way.
So basically now we're attaching those attributes to the TR Which is exactly what we had down here.
So let's go back and let's try this out.
So let's just see and then we'll inspect the HMO.
So let's do an inspection on this and let's make this a little bit bigger so we can actually see what's
happening.
So we see that we've got.
So everything all the parameters are the same.
We've got a data roll
and one of the things that I noticed that we're actually sitting outside of the table body.
So we do need to take care of that that we need to actually added in to the body so that it's in line
with the rest of them but we can't really see that there's a difference there.
But either way that we should add it to the body.
So because the structure is being done within this type of format but everything else is the same.
And the only thing that we're still missing is that we need to add the class to that first table role.
And this is actually really easy because we can simply do this and we can do a class box and that will
be in that class.
So let's also make an update of where we're adding it in.
So we're not adding it in as the parent of table.
But we wanted to add it to the body.
So now let's refresh that and let's see if this works.
So now we're able to add in test let's do an inspection on there.
So this time it added in nice and neatly with the rest of them into the T body.
So the one thing that we do notice that we don't have the event handlers attached yet and that's because
the event handlers were being done within this function.
When we built it and I know that we could simply remove all of this we could append it to the array
and we could just simply go to build and that would actually rebuild the array and then we could we
added.
So that would be actually the shortest way to accomplish what we're trying to do.
But we are trying to learn and to try to go through all of what's possible within the DOM.
So now we're left with one last thing that we need to do.
We need to attach the event handler to that particular element.
So we do have a few options as well.
So probably one of the easiest ways to do would just be simply to grab out all of this functionality
and put it in a separate function and maybe that's what we're going to do for now.
So that way we're just going to reconnect all of those as click event handlers.
So we're going to keep the build separate from the one that we're adding the vote count.
So this is the vote count function.
And basically what this is going to do is this is going to give us the ability to update and add those
click events.
So that's all we're doing over here and we're this is all self-contained.
So if we go over to add in a vote count over here within the build function we can simply call to vote
count as well within our function that we've just built note here where we're adding in all of those
elements.
So basically once it gets appended then we need to run our vote count.
And we're also going to add to the array as well.
And now let's try this out and really there are always a number of different ways to do this.
So now we've got that one working we've got that one working.
We've got that one working.
So everything is working properly.
So let's go the dot again.
And now we can see that we've got the new vote counts are all hooked up and ready to go.
So that's how you can make updates and create brand new elements.
And now we can add as many as we want.
So if we get more friends we can always add them to our list and then we can vote on them.
So this is all done dynamically.
And also depending on how many friends we have in our original array all of this functionality will
work as well.
So go ahead and try to do it for yourself and build it out and then also practice with adding and creating
brand new elements and then also adding attributes to those elements that are in line with what you're
trying to do and the type of functionality that you're trying to get to happen within your javascript
application.